The shopkeeper's temperament is too rampant, right?
Just too deceiving
If you hadn't stopped me and punched him directly
Can you stop being so impulsive?
If you do
We are not familiar with people in this Huai Waterway
You still expect me to save you
What should we do about the shopkeeper?
wait
Wait for him to take the initiative
The shopkeeper's um
Characters bring you
You are Director Chen, the shopkeeper of Baihua Restaurant
I used to be
Not anymore.
What exactly are you looking for me for?
It's a little thought from me.
Why is it so expensive?
I can't take it.
Shopkeeper, let me tell you the truth
I can't watch those bullies bully you at all
They bully you so much
You can tolerate it
What if you can't bear it?
They are the guild leaders of our generation
Can't afford to offend?
I have a way to avenge you
You don't praise me
What can you do to learn from a young boy?
Tell the truth
I am the president of the Jiangnan Dao Guild
I came here for revenge
As long as you promise me
Can you help me when I'm done
Sure to keep you and your family safe
I will send you another set of restaurants in Jiangnan Road.
I mean it.
Really you don't believe it
You can go to Jiangnan Road to inquire about me Lin Yixing
This Ma Wu Gang